Mrs. Wang, what did you just say about the piano competition?
This Yaoyao
He won the first place in the National Piano Competition
You two don't know
This time, Bo has sent a notice.
There's the awards tomorrow at the Grand Theater.
Mom, I really came in second place.
Great, hahaha.
Yaoyao
Can you win second place in a national competition?
It shows that he is young and promising
I'm here today.
I just want to invite Yaoyao
To endorse our piano brand
What about endorsement fees?
If you choose Ouyang, you will also make a canal.
But it doesn't matter.
It's all mine from now on
I didn't expect Ou Yanxi's score
I actually got second place
You can also get the concept of value 5 million
Yaoyao, what about our contract?
Sign for a year
As for whether the endorsement fee will go up or down after one year
It depends on you.
Mrs. Wang, you look down on Yaoyao too much
The kid got a little award.
Hey
The prize value of this competition is very high.
Yaoyao can get second place
It means that his piano is very elegant
Mrs. Wang, this uncle's business is settled
Of course!
Haha but
I have two conditions.
first
When Yaoyao endorsed our brand?
You cannot endorse other piano brands.
Will that be hahaha?
Love is
There can be no negative news during the contract period
Otherwise
10 times the compensation is required.
Mrs. Wang, don't worry.
We Yaoyao are very good
This negative impact
negative news
There will be absolutely no negative news